Adding CICD task to generate rustdocs both manually or as pipeline job (#9856)
paritytech/substrate: docs/rustdoc-release.md

# Substrate Rustdoc Release Process

> Substrate rustdoc sits on the [paritytech/substrate `gh-pages` branch](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/gh-pages) and is accessible at https://paritytech.github.io/substrate.

Reviewer: Was about to ask what sources rustdocs on substrate.dev. But hey, it's great that now it [points](https://docs.substrate.io/rustdocs/) here!

> If you inspect the `gh-pages` branch, it is just various different version of rustdocs located in different folders, with folder name marking the monthly tag version, or a release tag version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you inspect the `gh-pages` branch, it is just various different versions of rustdocs located in different folders, with folder names marking the monthly tag version, or a release tag version.
```

Reviewer: also not sure if we check the line length for the mds, but we should.

> The actual rustdoc generation process takes place as part of the project [GitLab pipeline](https://gitlab.parity.io/parity/substrate/-/pipelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual rustdoc generation process takes place as part of the projects' [GitLab pipeline](https://gitlab.parity.io/parity/substrate/-/pipelines).
```

## Add a new version of rustdoc

> To add a new version of rustdocs, you need to manually trigger a build job in the
> [GitLab pipeline](https://gitlab.parity.io/parity/substrate/-/pipelines/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new version of rustdocs, you need to manually trigger a schedule pipeline in the
[GitLab schedules](https://gitlab.parity.io/parity/substrate/-/pipeline_schedules).
```

    The built rustdoc will be accessible at: https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/<branch | tag>.

  - `LATEST`: `<git branch name | tag name>` (optional)
    This parameter specifies which branch or tag of the rustdoc is to be aliased with `latest`.
    This will cause that version of rustdoc be accessible at:
    https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/latest. Currently, it is set to [`monthly-2021-10`](../.gitlab-ci.yml#L56).

  - `RESET_INDEX`: "true" (optional)
    This parameter specifies if you want to reset the currently deployed `index.html`. When you set
    this parameter to `true`, please also specified the `LATEST` parameter so the index page shows
    which branch is `latest` shortcut pointing to.

- Wait for the whole pipeline to complete. This may take 30 - 60 mins.

It is fine to rebuild the rustdocs of the same branch / tag again. The existing rust doc will just
be overwritten.

## Remove an existing version of rustdoc

To remove an existing version of rustdocs, you need to manually trigger a build job in the
[GitLab pipeline](https://gitlab.parity.io/parity/substrate/-/pipelines/new).

In the pipeline screen, pick:

- Run for branch name or tag: `master`

> - Add the following variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the following variable:
```

  - `RM_RUSTDOC_REF`: `<git branch name | tag name>` (required)
    This parameter specifies the version of rustdoc to be removed.

- Wait for the whole pipeline to complete. This take 10 - 20 mins.

## Config branch/tag for rebuilding rustdoc when there is new commit

> In the [`.gitlab-ci.yml`](../.gitlab-ci.yml), there is [`CONT_RUSTDOC_BUILT_REFS` variable](../.gitlab-ci.yml#L52). Tags branches specified in this var will be rebuilt everytime when new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [`.gitlab-ci.yml`](../.gitlab-ci.yml), there is [`CONT_RUSTDOC_BUILT_REFS` variable](../.gitlab-ci.yml#L52).
Tags and branches specified in this var will be rebuilt every time when new
```

> commits are pushed. Currently it is set to `master` only. It supports multiple value by separating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commits are pushed. Currently, it is set to `master` only. It supports multiple values by separating
```
